#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Replication of Iv's 2018 Paper
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Replicate it!
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Pay attention to table 5- re viewers complained about it
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Afterward, maybe do a decomposition between active vs passive
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
(E.g.
 market movements vs corporate action)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Check out Bradshaw Richardson Sloan
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
When firms issue debt or equity, returns are bad because assets are high
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Section
Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We could get announcement data from mergining in the quarterly data
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
What are the weights for the stocks in the quartile portfolios (equal/value)?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Use a cutoff date for stale data
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
RESOLVED- What are the test portfolios for the F/M regressions? - stocks
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
How are the portfolios assigned over time?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
The paper states theya re assigned by fiscal year.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
If so are returns for, say, June 2015, assigned based on the stocks that
 are currently in fiscal year 2014 AND stocks in fiscal year 2015?
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
What FF factors? FF5 uses a different SMB and doesn't include umd.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
I currently use the FF3 for the FF3 specs and FF5 specs or FF5 specs + UMD
 where appropriate to minimize missing data
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
